README.md, before:

# Docker sonarr (previously NzbDrone)

### Ports
|   |  Port  |  Comment |
|----------|-------------|------|
| TCP |  8989  | Web Interface |

### Volumes
| Path |  Comment  |
|----------|-------------|
| /volumes/config | Sonarr configuration data |
| /volumes/completed | Completed downloads from download client |
| /volumes/media | Sonarr media folder |

Docker runs as uid 65534 (nobody on debian, nfsnobody on fedora). When mounting volumes from the host, ensure this uid has the correct permission on the folders.

## Running

The quickest way to get it running without integrating with a download client or media server (plex)
```
sudo docker run --restart always --name sonarr -p 8989:8989 -v /path/to/your/media/folder/:/volumes/media -v /path/to/your/completed/downloads:/volumes/completed tuxeh/sonarr
```

You can link to the download client's volumes and plex using something similar:
```
sudo docker run --restart always --name sonarr --volumes-from plex --link plex:plex --volumes-from deluge --link deluge:deluge -p 8989:8989 tuxeh/sonarr
```

## Updating

By default, this container will use the Sonarr develop branch. To change branches and update successfully, you must configure Sonarr to use the update script in ``/sonarr-update.sh``. This is configured under Settings > (show advanced) > General > Updates > change Mechanism to Script.

After updating, the update script will stop the container. If the container was run with --restart always, docker will automatically restart Sonarr.

Commit message:

Updated readme with docker tags

README.md, after:

# Docker Sonarr (previously NzbDrone)

### Tags
- tuxeh/sonarr:**latest** - Installs from Sonarr master repository
- tuxeh/sonarr:**develop** - Installs from Sonarr develop repository

### Ports
- **TCP 8989** - Web Interface

### Volumes
- **/volumes/config** - Sonarr configuration data
- **/volumes/completed** - Completed downloads from download client
- **/volumes/media** - Sonarr media folder

Docker runs as uid 65534 (nobody on debian, nfsnobody on fedora). When mounting volumes from the host, ensure this uid has the correct permission on the folders.

## Running

The quickest way to get it running without integrating with a download client or media server (plex)
```
sudo docker run --restart always --name sonarr -p 8989:8989 -v /path/to/your/media/folder/:/volumes/media -v /path/to/your/completed/downloads:/volumes/completed tuxeh/sonarr
```

You can link to the download client's volumes and plex using something similar:
```
sudo docker run --restart always --name sonarr --volumes-from plex --link plex:plex --volumes-from deluge --link deluge:deluge -p 8989:8989 tuxeh/sonarr
```

## Updating

To change branches and update successfully, you must configure Sonarr to use the update script in ``/sonarr-update.sh``. This is configured under Settings > (show advanced) > General > Updates > change Mechanism to Script.

After updating, the update script will stop the container. If the container was run with `--restart always`, docker will automatically restart Sonarr.
